docs: add caution for unsupported vm save and restore (#3)
ritazh/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider.md

<!-- steps -->

The KMS encryption provider uses an envelope encryption scheme to encrypt data in etcd.
The data is encrypted using a data encryption key (DEK). The DEKs are encrypted with a key encryption key (KEK) that is stored and managed in a remote KMS.
The KMS provider uses gRPC to communicate with a specific KMS plugin.
The KMS plugin, which is implemented as a gRPC server and deployed on the same host(s)
as the Kubernetes control plane, is responsible for all communication with the remote KMS.

> For KMS v1, a new DEK is generated for each encryption. However, for KMS v2, a new DEK is generated at startup and reused for encryption. The DEK is rotated when the KEK is rotated.

Reviewer: Do we need to add something about:

> If the plugin is not healthy, the last DEK will be used for
encryption for up to three minutes (there is no difference on the
behavior of reads which have always used the DEK cache). This will
reduce the impact of a short plugin outage while making it easy to
perform storage migration after a key ID change (i.e. simply wait
ten minutes after the key ID change before starting the migration).

Author: This is going to be part of Mo's PR!

Reviewer: @enj

Reviewer 2: I did cover this at a high level in my PR.

{{< caution >}}
Virtual machine (VM) save state and restore operations are not supported with KMS v2.

> The kube-apiserver uses AES-GCM with an atomic counter as nonce for encryption. The following issues could occur if the VM is saved and restored:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API server uses AES-GCM with a 12 byte nonce (8 byte atomic counter and 4 bytes random data) for encryption. The following issues could occur if the VM is saved and restored:
```

1. The counter value may be lost or corrupted if the VM is saved in an inconsistent state or restored improperly. This can lead to a situation where the same counter value is used twice, resulting in the same nonce being used for two different messages.
2. If the VM is restored to a previous state, the counter value may be set back to its previous value, resulting in the same nonce being used again.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Both of these cases are partially mitigated by the 4 byte random nonce.

```

> This can compromise the security of the encryption, as an attacker who knows the plaintext for one message can use this information to derive the key used to encrypt the other message.

Reviewer 2: I would drop this part because there is a lot of nuance here - for example you do not need to know the plaintext - you can compare two ciphertexts with the same nonce to leak the plaintext (I forget the exact details for key recovery).

Reviewer 2: Drop the

> This can compromise the security of the encryption, as an attacker who knows the plaintext for one message can use this information to derive the key used to encrypt the other message.

is what I was trying to highlight.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just say

> This can compromise the security of the encryption.
